readme.md, before:

# Statues
## Intro

This is a projec that I wanted to build about 3-4 years ago but never got around to it. The project is 
focused on confederate statues and when they went up around the U.S. As a history major and a big 
Civil war guy, I'm really interested in doing this project. I'm not sure why I kept putting it off but 
a few months ago I finally got a good dataset. I downloaded it and put it on my desktop telling myself 
that I'll soon get to the project and start working on it. Well, I'm going to start doing that. 

This will be a larger project - using MYSQL, Python - flask and Vue.js. It will have a log in system 
and then allow the user to play with the data that I have so that one can see information regarding these 
statues. 

# Getting started
### Installing

Please note that these instructions are not 100% complete. 

1. Clone the repo
2. Run [sudo] pip3 install or pip3 install flask
3. Run python3 app.py to run the application
4. Visit localhost:5000 to see the application
5. Please note that these instructions only follow the Python side of this application.

### Technology Stack

1. Flask-0.12
2. Python-3.4
3. Pandas-0.18.1
4. Numpy-1.11.0
5. Vue.JS-2.5
6. MySQL

Remix Icon link: 
https://remixicon.com/

### Operation

Once the program is downloaded, simply run the program as you would any other python program.
Then follow the address, which your console/terminal tells you to go to see the
website. Again, please do not forget to ensure that you have vue CLI installed
as well as npm.

# Issues / Other

1. Need to fix date/time graph issue for first graph drill downs. 

# Preview

To see a video that talks about this project please go here: COMING SOON

Commit message:

decided to change forms back to original style

readme.md, after:

# Statues
## Intro

This is a projec that I wanted to build about 3-4 years ago but never got around to it. The project is 
focused on confederate statues and when they went up around the U.S. As a history major and a big 
Civil war guy, I'm really interested in doing this project. I'm not sure why I kept putting it off but 
a few months ago I finally got a good dataset. I downloaded it and put it on my desktop telling myself 
that I'll soon get to the project and start working on it. Well, I'm going to start doing that. 

This will be a larger project - using MYSQL, Python - flask and Vue.js. It will have a log in system 
and then allow the user to play with the data that I have so that one can see information regarding these 
statues. 

# Getting started
### Installing

Please note that these instructions are not 100% complete. 

1. Clone the repo
2. Run [sudo] pip3 install or pip3 install flask
3. Run python3 app.py to run the application
4. Visit localhost:5000 to see the application
5. Please note that these instructions only follow the Python side of this application.

### Technology Stack

1. Flask-0.12
2. Python-3.4
3. Pandas-0.18.1
4. Numpy-1.11.0
5. Vue.JS-2.5
6. MySQL

Remix Icon link: 
https://remixicon.com/

### Operation

Once the program is downloaded, simply run the program as you would any other python program.
Then follow the address, which your console/terminal tells you to go to see the
website. Again, please do not forget to ensure that you have vue CLI installed
as well as npm.

# Issues / Other

1. Need to fix date/time graph issue for first graph drill downs. 
2. A note on the forms. I debated making one master form 'control' at the top of the page 
however I did not want each graph to be controlled by one form. I wanted each graph to 
have it's seperate control. I also thought about breaking my forms up into smaller components 
but also did not like how that turned out as well. Thus, that's why I have each graph has it's 
own form component. This may be fixed in the future...

# Preview

To see a video that talks about this project please go here: COMING SOON
